
Current Price: 2.17

A Company engaged in gold and minerals exploration and development of gold and mineral properties in China

Why consider ? Seee n0wadays what happened.
Rising gold prices are further accelerating this gold rush - The price of gold has up 250% over the past five years, and this is still only a quarter of when the price peaked 25 years ago. (Adjusted for inflation.)
 HUGE gold discovery in southwestern China - Resources have already been estimated by analysts at 14 million ounces...and the number keeps climbing.
;China is the world's last great under-explored land-mass - Locked away in a Marxist time-warp with limited exploration technology, China's rich virgin gold fields have been overlooked and ignored until recently.
 China is already the world's 4th largest producer of gold  and will soon be the world's producer AND consumer. The country is going gold-crazy!
 Foreign gold companies are now welcome - and the laws have been changed to provide full legal protection.

You can see China's developing gold boom is building momentum. Rare opportunity for early investors!!

CURRENT NEWS: Announces Five for One Forward Stock Split
OLD CORP is a Nevada Corporation, engaged in gold and minerals exploration and development of gold and mineral properties in China. The company is pleased to announce today that the board of directors has approved a five-for-one forward stock split. The record date for the forward stock split is to be effective closing Friday, May 12, 2006. Stockholders of the record date will be entitled to four additional shares of common stock for each share of common stock held on that date.

ABOUT THE COMPANY

China Gold Corp. is a Nevada Corporation, engaged in gold and minerals exploration and development of gold and mineral properties in China. Ch<font>ina G</font>old Corp is dedicated to delivering growth to the shareholder by employing a disciplined business methodology through acquisitions and joint ventures. The Company seeks to acquire properties with the following development criteria: largely unexplored but highly prospective geological regions, ability to generate near-term revenue and cash flow, tremendous geological potential for world-class economic deposits.

Conclusion:
The Example Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Company That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar with This. Is C<font>GD</font>C Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You May Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade tomorrow! 
Penny st0cks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors.  This Profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company.  This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice.  If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in the sub ject to





