This mailing list is for people who desire serious, orthodox
discussion of the Roman Catholic religion.  I assume that it will
cater mainly to Catholics, but everyone else is welcome, provided they
operate within the below guidelines.  My own interests have a
doctrinal bent, but I'm certainly not going to limit this list to just
that sort of discussion.

Having participated in USENET religion groups for about 5 years now,
one of my primary observations about Catholics on the net is that they
do not know their religion very well.  My hope is that this list might
help remedy this problem to some extent.  I would like to make this a
net resource available for Catholics who want to know more about their
religion.

As far as moderation policy goes: The Catholic Church is not a
democracy, it's a monarchy subject to a divinely given constitution.
I don't set the rules in the Church, neither does my parish priest,
nor does my bishop, nor does the Pope.  Everyone has to adhere to the
way Christ set things up.  I think it follows that it's not really
appropriate for someone to call himself a Catholic and argue with this
state of affairs.  If you want to be Catholic, it's simple enough, you
have to follow the teaching of the Church.

The moderation policy will reflect this way of thinking: there are
plenty of other places on the net where Catholic doctrine can be
freely attacked!  If in doubt, you can always subscribe, and see
whether the list is to your taste.

Besides the mailing list, there are a few other things that may be of
interest:

- I have set up an archive server that we can put interesting things
in.  (It doesn't have anything in it at the moment except some UNIX
software useful for such endeavors.)  Sorry, guys, but nothing that's
copyrighted goes into it!

- I am planning on setting up a quotation server that can email
periodic interesting citations from the principal sources of Catholic
doctrine.  (Not done yet.)

- I have obtained permission from the English language publishers of
the Italian Catholic magazine "30 Days" to take material from their
magazine.  I intend to scan some of the more interesting pictures
(ever seen a Cristero?  or St. Pius X?) and put them in the archives,
and also post extracts from some of the more interesting articles.
(It's a European magazine, and is of generally higher quality than
American Catholic material.  In my opinion...)

If you have any questions, would like to subscribe, etc., send email
to

	catholic@sarto.budd-lake.nj.us



