

  Here are the utilities that I found for dealing with
setting the amount of time the Mac waits for the
internal hard drive to spin-up and some notes
on SCSI from Micronet.
  Enjoy!




 
What is Termination?
 
Termination involves the placement of impedance matching circuits on the bus.
In the case of SCSI, these circuits are typically placed at each end of the
SCSI Bus (cable). These circuits are known as "Thevenin Terminators" and are
simple resistor networks in the case of SCSI.  These resistor circuits are
composed of a 220 ohm resistor connected to Vcc and the signal node, while a
330 ohm resistor is connected to ground and the signal node.  One of these
resistor pairs is connected to each of the 18 active signal lines.  The Vcc (+5
nominal) for the terminators is typically provided by line 26 on the SCSI bus
cable.  In practice, however, this voltage is sometimes supplied by the SCSI
device (hard disk)  directly to the terminator circuit if the circuit resides
on the device itself.  In this case, Vcc on line 26 of the SCSI would not be
required.
 
Why Terminate?
 
Terminating a SCSI bus preserves high transition speeds, and when properly
placed will clean up the signal along the entire length of the line.  They also
provide a reasonable degree of noise immunity.  The most important reason to
terminate an SCSI bus is that termination is required for the bus to work!  The
ANSI SCSI specification calls for the bus to be terminated in the way described
above.
 
How to Properly Terminate a SCSI Bus
 
A SCSI bus is properly terminated by placing bus terminators at each end of the
bus.  There are a couple of exceptions.  If the bus is very short (ie. 18" or
less) then generally it is best to terminate just one end.  Also, if the cable
length (6 meters maximum) between two devices is greater than 10 feet then the
cable should be terminated at the 10 foot point in addition to each end.  When
daisy chaining three or more SCSI devices the bus will often exceed this 10
foot specification and will require three terminators in the chain to work
properly.
 
Physically, terminators generally have three forms in the Macintosh world.
Electrically, these three types of terminators are equivalent and vary only in
where and how they are installed.
 
First, are the ON-DRIVE terminators which are known as resistor packs (or sips,
or dips).  They reside right on the device (hard disk) itself and are almost
always removable.  Always note the orientation of these parts before attempting
to remove these!  They have a polarity and must not be inserted backwards.
 


 
They are inserted into the 50 pin SCSI connector inside the Macintosh where the
cable for an internal drive would normally connect.  These Mother Board
Terminators are keyed (a polarity notch) and must never be inserted backwards!
 
Never use the second type of terminator when the drive inside a cabinet has
terminators installed on it.
 
Common Termination Problems
 
Poor Quality Cables.  Always use cables which are double shielded (foil and
braid).  Apple and MicroNet brand SCSI cables are built with specifications
that include twisted pair and double shielding.  Never use simple printer type
RS232 cables!  Make sure the connector hoods (or shrouds) are each connected to
the shield braid!
 
Too Many SCSI Devices Terminated.  Only the last SCSI device (disk drive/tape
drive/scanner/printer) should be terminated.  If the Macintosh has no hard disk
drive installed inside it, then a Mother Board Terminator should be installed
if the cable to the external device is longer than 18". MicroNet Technology
developed what is called the "MBT", which can be used to terminate the
Macintosh SE, SE/30, II, IIx, IIcx, IIci when an internal hard disk drive is
not present and is available through MicroNet resellers.
 

Never use a plug type terminator designed for installation on a cabinet
connector if the SCSI device (hard disk drive or tape drive) inside the cabinet
already has terminators installed on the drive!
 
Never Exceed the Maximum Cabling Length of 6 Meters (19.6 feet) Total.  Never
mix cable brands, types or styles.  This is a common source of trouble.  Each
cable has a different type of construction, impedance and wire placement which
can result in bus reflections.  In mixed cable configurations some devices may
simply not work even if all other guidelines are followed!
 
Macintosh and The SCSI Reset Line and On-Drive and Off-Drive Termination

 

 

terminators.
 
Macintosh Configurations and Termination Issues
 


 
 
The pursuit of the Perfect SCSI bus can be elusive.  As soon as you add SCSI
devices from different vendors and use the different cables supplied by each,
you have a potential problem.
 

 
Questions and Answers
 
Q)  Should I ever remove the ON-DRIVE terminators from a drive which is
installed inside a Macintosh?
A)  NO.

 
 
