
Enclosed is Mr. Buxton's proposed creationist reading list, which I

Selected References  on  Topics  Related  to  Creationism  prepared  by  the
Geoscience Research Institute for Pastors, Primary and Secondary Teachers

Ager, Derek V.  1981  The nature of the  stratigraphical  record.   2nd  ed.
John  Wiley  & Sons, New York.  An aggressively committed evolutionist gives
an impressive presentation of the  necessity  of  a  catastrophic  model  to
account for geologic features.  122 pages.

Anderson, J. Kerby & Harold G. Coffin.  1977.  Fossils in focus.   Zondervan
Publishing  House,  Grand  Rapids,  Michigan.   Part  of  a  series intended
especially for college and university students. Lays out both  creation  and
evolution  models  and shows  how the fossil record best fits the former. 95
pages.

Bliss, Richard B., Gary E. Parker, & Duage T. Gish.  1980.  Fossils: key  to
the   present.   Creation-  Life  Publishers,  San  Diego,  California.   An
elementary introduction to fossils and to evolutionistic  and  creationistic
interpretations of the fossil record.  81 pages.

Bliss, Richard B., & Gary E. Parker.  1979.   Origin  of  life:   Evolution,
creation.  Creation-Life Publishers, San Diego, California.  A well-written,
well-illustrated,  brief  presentation  of   contrasting   creationist   and
evolutionist  explanations  for  the  origin  of life.  Suited for secondary
level, and appropriate for use in public schools.  51 pages.

Bowden, M. 1977.  Ape-men--fact of fallacy?  Sovereign  Publications,  Kent.
One  of  the  few  book-  length creationist analyses of the fossil evidence
bearing on the origin of man.  If offers a typical creationist treatment  of
ancient  man fossils, emphasizing the sketchy and often fraudulent nature of
the evidence.  Although the interpretive emphasis of the book is exaggerated
and  often  mistaken,  it  contains  much  useful  information  not  readily
available in the standard scientific literature.  196 pages.

Clark, R.E.D.  1961  The  universe:   plan  or  accident?   Fortress  Press,
Philadelphia.   A  scholarly  presentation  of  the  evidences from physics,
chemistry, astronomy, and biology for creation  by  a  Supreme  Being.   238
pages.

Coffin,  Harold  G.   1977.   Earth  story.   Review  &  Herald   Publishing
Association,  Takoma Park, Washington, D.C.  A non-technical volume covering
most aspects of creationism and its relation to Scripture.  Useful for  non-
scientists  and junior and senior high-school students.  Well illustrated in
color.  190 pages.

Coffin, Harold G. with R. H. Brown.   1983   Origin  by  design.   Review  &
Herald  Publishing  Association,  Takoma  Park, Washington, D. C.  A general
reference covering the topic of creation; evidences for creation,  evidences
for  a  universal flood, discussion of fossils, geologic processes, geologic
time, speciation and the evolutionary theory.  494 pages.

Coppedge, James F.  1973.  Evolution:  possible  or  impossible?   Zondervan
Publishing House, Grand Rapids, Michigan.  An excellent popular treatment of
probability  considerations  in  molecular  biology   from   a   creationist
viewpoint.   The  presentation  is  enlivened  and  clarified  with striking

illustrations.  The reader should exercise  caution  in  utilizing  material
from  Chapter  12  in  which  the  author  uncritically  summarized from the
creationist literature a wide range  of  viewpoints  of  topics  other  than
molecular biology.  276 pages.

Denton, Michael.  1985.  Evolution:  A theory  in  crisis.   The  Hutchinson
Publishing Group.  17-21 Conway St. London W1P 6JD England.  One of the best
recent books on the problems of evolutionary theory.  368 pages.

Gish, Duane T.  1979.  Evolution:  the fossils say no!  3rd  ed.   Institute
for  Creation  Research,  San  Diego,  California.  A well-written paperback
which clearly and fairly discusses the fossil record with emphasis on  early
man.   Evolutionary  and  creationist  interpretations  are contrasted.  190
pages.

Grasse, Pierre P.  1977.  Evolution of living  organisms.   Academic  Press,
New  York.   Translation  from French of a well-written, and often humorous,
work in which a respected evolutionist scholar  arguing  from  biochemistry,
molecular   biology,  paleantology,  and  genetics  presents  evidence  that
generally has been recognized by the creationist community.   In  presenting
his  arguments,  Dr.  Grasse  retreats  one  step  short  of  recognizing  a
transcendent agency working in and through nature.  297 pages.

Hitching, Francis.  1982.  The neck  of  the  giraffe:   Where  Darwin  went
wrong.   Ticknor  &  Fields,  New  Haven,  Connecticut.   Discussion  of the
problems with Darwinism and the neo-Darwinian synthesis  in  explaining  the
processes  of  evolution.   Chapter 5 discusses the creation viewpoint.  The
author rejects creationism and hopes that biologists will  discover  another
model to explain how evolution occurred.  288 pages.

Javor,  George  T.  1979.   Once  upon  a  molecule.   Southern   Publishing
Association,  Nashville,  Tennessee.   A  brief, non-technical discussion of
chemical evolution, written by a competent biochemist.  31 pages.

Lester, Lane  P.  &  Raymond  G.  Bohlin.   1984.   The  natural  limits  to
biological  change.   Zondervan  Publishing  House,  Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Examines the concept of change in species and rejects  both  gradualism  and
punctuated  equilibrium  as  being  inadequate  models  of change.  Proposes
instead that changes in species occur by loss  of  genetic  variability  and
that there are limits to the amount of change possible.  207 pages.

MacBeth,  Norman.    1971.    Darwin   retried.    Gambit   Inc.,    Boston,
Massachusetts.   An  important  work by a lawyer who, while not presenting a
case  for   creationism,   points   out   inconsistencies,   confusion   and
contradictions in the classical evolutionary theory.  178 pages.

Roth, Ariel A.  1982.  The universal flood debate:  the  response.   Liberty
77(6):12-15.   Geologic  evidences  supporting  the  concept  of a worldwide
flood.

Roth, Ariel A.  1984.  The  trend  toward  catastrophism  in  geology.   The
Adventist  Review  161(24):9-  11.  A non-technical review of the increasing
evidence of rapid changes in the past.

Roth, Ariel A.  1986.  Some  questions  about  geochronology.   Origins   13
(2):64-85.    A   review   of  time-dependent  factors  that  disagree  with
geochronological  interpretations  requiring  billions  of  years  for   the
development  of  the  crust  of the earth and the evidence of life contained
therein.  Factors considered are:  rates of erosion, sediment deposition  in
the  ocean, rate of sediment accumulation on the continents, rates of uplift
of  mountains,  production  of  volcanic  ejecta,  growth  rates  of   human
populations, and time required for evolutionary organization of life.

